c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.exe.config
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.Form1.resources
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.exe.licenses
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.exe
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.pdb
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.dll
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.dll
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.xml
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.xml
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.exe
c:\users\edria\onedrive\文档\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.pdb
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.exe.config
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.exe
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.pdb
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.exe
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\prjAccountability.pdb
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.dll
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.xml
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.Form1.resources
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\edrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ojt\prjAccountability\prjAccountability\obj\Debug\prjAccountability.exe.licenses
